hello everyone decided to rent a garage
all live here I will show that I have
turned out at the moment the garage here
such an urban
this is the first city
garage 8 squares here are 2 or 2 garage
here will be my washing and painting here
did not have time this year to put the gate
as if so, but the frost will fall
make the gate
here I get a drain hole
can only drizzle over the winter
your buries from the cerna inside the cube under
Garage rocket shesterik my dad a little
just need to do UAZ but on top somehow
so for now
believe stick out
each garage turns out to be 40 squares
in general, that's such a big car
It turned out at me but now let 's go in 1
garage I already because in the first garage
here we go mountain now see how
hydrogen from the automaton in the morning was 50 now
if you see 43 degrees here we go our
the doors are made right here
here I also want to hang a light bulb on the remote
so that when you come at night or at the keys
on the remote switch switched on here
somehow so now let's go in
inside
I'll tell you next we are in the first garage
how would my machine come to
repairs need to do the box with him
Of course it's terrible here.
will drive out all the holes that exist
on her but she is not talking about my
so here is a stand like everything is
at hand immediately the best mess after
the last repair was like this
locker is on my work clothes on
come change my computer stands under
diagnostics
kitchen corner whistled without pale
conquer he had a compressor crouched down
I have an extra bonus of mine
too, hands do not reach to paint
Need some kind of gate like yours
hands got outside you saw them
the curtain on them
it turns out
stoked I was interested in what to seryoga
here such here at me from a pipe stick up
it turns out I scored them
half a meter into the ground and sticking out of the anime
15 centimeters to
and all around the garage so made here
behind canisters
under the table it turns out too tama sticks out
first arrival of the garage that is also a cheat
here I have the same crowd you all this
interferes here so see here too not
hurry them on
it seems not even learn the phone and here
here, too, here's a question whether they will survive
my car is stretching or not if
comments if something like write here
so here and so here is a question for me
it turns out the garage especially fso sleepers like
seen or not even there he is from peanut
lighting as he has done here
well, how could there be light here
the lamp was burning you need to change the map so
Here trash made this with my brother for
whether he harped off his turners
bungled with him and that's shorter for me
the game is based on sleepers and the first 6 screws
10 how do you feel they are stitched in my
lock and punched in hundredths and here
such a question if I them them more precisely
brewed they say I will
or to sleep I will do two sides
platforms on this our area
did the hook and want to learn will stand or
yet they have me stretch myself
last bottoms
the streets will be good from what’s seen here
here already fell didn’t see everything
sewn tight as it were so up above me
two rails made here then wilsa
above is a parallel from the region but
today we will not work on the street
you somehow do not want to be cold like that
write comments and likes
we will be waiting for your comments